Q1. 6 access modifiers

The 6 access modifiers are:

(i). public - accessible from any other class
(ii). private - accessible only within the same class
(iii). protected - accessible within the same class and any derived classes
(iv). internal - accessible within the same assembly
(v). protected internal - accessible within the same assembly and any derived classes
(vi). private protected - accessible within the same assembly and any derived classes only if same assembly



Q2. What is the difference between the static, const, and readonly keywords when applied to
a type member

(i). static - belongs to the type itself rather than any object
(ii). const -  is a compile-time constant
(iii). readonly - can be assigned once at declaration or in a constructor, and cannot change afterward.

Q3. What does a constructor do

A constructor is a special method that is called when an object is created. It is used to initialize the object's state.

Q4. Why is the partial keyword useful?

The partial keyword is used to split a class, struct, or interface into multiple files. This can be useful for large classes or when working with generated code.

Q5 What is a tuple?

A tuple is a collection of values of different types.

Q6 What does the C# record keyword do?

The record keyword is used to define a value type that is immutable by default. It is used to define a class that is used to store data.

Q7 What does overloading and overriding mean?

(i). Overloading: Defining multiple methods in the same class with the same name but different parameter lists (different signatures).
(ii). Overriding: Redefining a method in a derived class that was already defined in a base class, using override to provide new behavior.

8. What is the difference between a field and a property?
Fields are variables that store data, while properties are methods that provide access to data.

9. How do you make a method parameter optional?
You can make a method parameter optional by providing a default value for the parameter.

10. What is an interface and how is it different from abstract class?
An interface is a contract that defines a set of methods that a class must implement. An abstract class is a class that cannot be instantiated on its own and must be inherited by other classes.

11. What accessibility level are members of an interface?
Members of an interface are public by default.

12. True/False. Polymorphism allows derived classes to provide different implementations
of the same method.

True

13. True/False. The override keyword is used to indicate that a method in a derived class is
providing its own implementation of a method.

True

14. True/False. The new keyword is used to indicate that a method in a derived class is
providing its own implementation of a method.

False

15. True/False. Abstract methods can be used in a normal (non-abstract) class.

False

16. True/False. Normal (non-abstract) methods can be used in an abstract class.

True

17. True/False. Derived classes can override methods that were virtual in the base class.

True

18. True/False. Derived classes can override methods that were abstract in the base class.

True

19. True/False. In a derived class, you can override a method that was neither virtual non abstract in the
base class.

False

20. True/False. A class that implements an interface does not have to provide an
implementation for all of the members of the interface.

False

21. True/False. A class that implements an interface is allowed to have other members that
aren’t defined in the interface.

True

22. True/False. A class can have more than one base class.

False

23. True/False. A class can implement more than one interface.

True